<p align="center">HBUED: An EEG Dataset for Emotion Recognition</p>

<p style="text-align: justify;">Emotion recognition based on electroencephalogram (EEG) signals is essential for enhancing human-computer interaction. In practice, researchers require a substantial amount of EEG samples for model training and validation. However, existing EEG datasets typically have a limited number of subjects. To address this issue, this paper presents a large-scale EEG dataset, the Hebei University Emotional EEG Dataset (HBUED), specifically designed for research on human emotion recognition. Additionally, to achieve better performance in emotion recognition, the paper proposes a deep learning method tailored for complex samples in EEG emotion recognition. This method first constructs a dual-input network architecture to extract discriminative features of EEG signals from two perspectives for classification. Furthermore, the paper uses a parallel feature extraction module for EEG signals, which increases the number of neurons in each layer by expanding the network width, thereby extracting more comprehensive feature information while avoiding overfitting caused by excessive network depth. In addition, a topological feature extraction module is developed to capture the topological characteristics of EEG signals better. Finally, the proposed algorithm is validated on both the self-constructed HBUED and the public DEAP datasets, with experimental results demonstrating its effectiveness.</p>

If you need to use this dataset, please complete the license agreement we provide and send it to the designated email address. We will provide access as soon as possible.
